And that we will analyze the case
of the pinnacle, it is the neighborhood
you are promoting and building that
is exceptional, it is a
wonderful thing, and to understand
it well we will analyze it with
the tools of the blue ocean strategy,
I will go to you to make questions
and we will go to answer in a
more or less concrete way, the
first, the blue ocean strategy
says to us that creating a proposal
totally different from the competitors,
we can address a target
audience that until now we call
no customers, because it
is people to whom the others
have not thought to address,
in your case, who would
be the no customers?
Yes, in the end we, the
important thing is not only who are
the customers, but how you get to them
too, because of course, when the
traditional model of me picked up
and I create a new block of housing,
I put a poster and the people who
pass by there see the poster,
then you are already going to a local
audience, etc., etc., with which
in the end the people who approach
us is very varied and are
all these different profiles with
which we begin to co-create the
solution, then in the end in
front of local public, in the
end we, the people we
have is, why has to be only
families?
Why can't we be single grandparents?
Why can't we have an international
audience who sees Valencia
as an extraordinary place
to have my family while
I travel around the world?
If we focus more on the customer
than on the product, we can actually
reach a much larger audience
and focus on another dimension,
right?
This is a clear case of non-customers.
Are you capturing people, I don't
know.
at all levels.
People who, let us say, if you,
if the pinnacle did not exist,
would you choose to rent?
Yes, I think that in the end we
think more about room solutions,
that is, how would you like
to live?
And that makes sense to you,
right?
We talk about even giving yourself
flexibility for your different moments
of life, right?
Since you are single, you have children,
many children.
Well, this is one of the factors...
Because there are people who see a
little rental as my second option
if I can't buy it, right?
But don't think about, hear, and
if there were flexible options that allowed
me to, right?
Separate what is, when I buy,
what is real estate business
and use, separate those
two and say which is the most
interesting use for me.
And then the other thing goes apart,
right?
The real estate business.
So, not only are we creating
new people, new permissions
of people, but also, hear,
room solutions that can be much
more interesting for other
people.
And you're finally creating new proposals,
right?
There are no other things
in Spain, right?
To that we go now.
We will analyze the proposals, the
competitive factors that we call
the variables of a traditional
promoter of the sector, because
it is that more are super homogeneous.
And then we will start to think,
to identify on the move what
are the components you have
added, because flexibility
you just named it and I
think it is clear.
First, it is important to figure
out what a promoter is offering.
Yes, you think you think, right?
What is it offering?
Because it is a physical site,
a physical event, it is linked
to a location.
The location is very clear, the real
estate sector always.
Then, after that, as you sell it is,
hear, this is the price that these
houses have, this is what there is,
it enters or does not enter, with
which the issue of affordability,
that equality, budget, would
be the other dimension.
And well, we can talk about
configurations, qualities,
finishes, etc., right?
But it's very thoughtful about the
product, isn't it?
That, let's say, what it is, this last
is very thought out in the product,
isn't it?
And we turn him a little.
It is worth, then, if we draw the
strategic picture we have in the
sector, and I am totally agree
with you, that no one has thought
outside of location, price
and qualities.
We can draw several curves.
Premium housing in the most expensive
areas, cheap housing
just below, and so on.
And you have begun to incorporate
many components that no one
had thought that is what
makes your proposal absolutely
different.
But we will make an effort to identify
them, they are very many, but to
identify them and to concrete them.
You talked about flexibility.
Sometimes we don't sell
housing, we sell living.
So this is the client's plan where
you say, well, and you, how you
want to live, right?
So you start thinking, well, what's
your budget, what's a framework,
isn't it?
And from there, how do you like to
live and what solution can make sense,
right?
For example, the other day, we have
a customer who said, no, look,
I would like to buy and, because
I was not aware of other
options, and I have 70,000 euros,
and I have two children,
right?
So, of course, this is
totally out of the market with
a construction cost and a
home you need for two children.
Because when you start talking and you
say, well, and you, hear, what you
like to share, what not, what are you
willing to do, right?
Then, of course, you end up, for
example, thinking of a more type exclusion,
a co-housing that is, look, you
have a private part, which are
40 square meters, where you have your
most intimate area, let's say,
and then you share certain
things, and since the guest room,
because it doesn't make sense
that it's yours, why not share
it with 10 more neighbors?
Share and share, another.
of course.
Sharing and sharing space.
Never in life has this been done, i.
e., in a middle school, but it has
not been.
These are new solutions.
So you're not on the plane of what
your budget is, but, hear, how you
like to live and what can we
do with that budget, right?
So sharing is important,
right?
And then, in the end, we see it more
from the dimension also of, hear,
that makes your life simple, right?
That is, you are a series of centralized
services that are offered to you,
that simplifies your life,
right?
It helps you to reconcile, it
helps you save time.
Reconciliation, saving time,
saving costs, you talked to
me, saving energy costs.
Well, that's what others think.
But cost savings in general, right?
It's like a place that given your
budget is the most spectacular
place, isn't it?
What cost savings, what more
cost savings to understand, to illustrate,
what more cost savings would
you have?
After all, time is money,
right?
So all that that makes your
life easier can save you
money, right?
But well, in the end, we would
start to bundle services, for
example, utilities, would we?
Then, put water, electricity
and telco.
Of course, with a certain
scale of 4,000 people, you
can get a lot better contracts,
right?
Even throw your own fiber,
etc., etc., right?
And that ultimately results in a savings,
right?
Hear, designing houses with a
little common sense, bioclimate
houses, etc., you can save
a lot of money, right?
So these are like many things.
So, almost our game is more of saving
you money and offering you
something that adds value to you.
We will be able to find more things
that will bring concrete value.
and yes.
Let's give examples, because I think
it's better to understand than how...
Yes, with some examples.
We are talking about the matter of, for example,
the cave, right?
Instead of buying a cave,
as we rent it to you as
you need it, you don't return
it, right?
So that will save you money,
right?
In other words, the furniture
equipment and such will
be shared, you will offer it in...
We will offer it.
But in the end it is almost like...
We talk a little about living accessories
because at the end of the day...
You spend a lot of time when you are
going to move a place, the furniture,
I don't know what...
You simplify this process,
right?
Simplify me, right?
There will be people who are, no, I
am who want to go to the last detail
and so, well, then organize
it you.
But many people are of...
I want to spend time
in life or what is important.
Make it easy, right?
The easy.
It seems spectacular.
More...
Any other service?
Two or three to help?
Both are examples.
But you could almost tell what you
spend your money on and how we can help you.
We will not think about...
Not what you spend on housing,
but what you spend on living.
and mobility.
You are going to the mountain...
For example, there will be car
sharing services.
Yes for example.
On demand, etc.
You like to go to the mountains,
okay.
And you have...
Well, and then...
For example, when you go to the
mountain, don't take a backpack
to get your child.
It makes sense that you have it.
We cannot help you.
But if in six months it weighs more
and no longer serves that backpack.
Why does it make sense?
That's the same with kids, right?
The sports pack.
Imagine it, right?
Or the bike.
You should buy a bike
or a bike door, right?
Even the bike or the car car children
of the bike.
If nothing changes your weight, it is no
longer worth it.
The bike is off.
Why not put this into the
mobility pack?
Even even.
Education as well?
Yes to education.
It is a bit separate.
It is within the environment.
In the end, it is in our school.
The school is an
independent community.
Is it worth?
to separate.
I thought a little and the pin.
It has many sides.
Because the neighborhood itself is
also a space for experimentation,
learning, postanpraty and so on.
There are three more schools in
the neighborhood.
But it's not a pack, say, as such that
the neighborhood offers you.
Let us talk about health.
No is?
And many other things.
Health as well.
I do not know.
How much time do you waste on taking
your child to the pedestrian, right?
Up the car, down the car.
Can we make it easier for you?
And you go to...
Another factor...
Well, it is an incredible thing this.
Another factor I am thinking, that
I'm sure you've already thought
about, but to concrete it and to draw
it in the picture, you're going to generate,
you're going to help, in addition
to how you save costs to families
that live, you're going to help
generate, say, more wealth?
of course.
How is?
With some example?
I tell you as an anecdote.
I told a father...
He is...
He said, oysters, because I am going,
I mount a cake shop that I have always
wanted to mount.
So, our idea at the end is also to
direct the spending we will have
in the neighborhood towards more
socially and environmentally
responsible companies.
Even the promotion of employment of
disadvantaged and recursive collectives,
right?
So this is an important aspect
of social impact for us,
isn't it?
So, in the end, when you have
a community and you know your neighbors,
what about it? even taking advantage
of technology, you can facilitate
interactions, that
creates opportunities
for many investments,
business, many
aspects.
Let it be easy for your neighbors.
Of course, we will respect a little
how they want to live, but we would
make life easier, among which it
is a source of income, for example,
isn't it?
Possibly, depending on the connections.
So if the example of...
I would love a natural juice
site in the neighborhood.
I am willing to pay 1,000 euros.
We are doing a crowdfunding and
we are ready to...
You too?
Yes, yeah, yeah, yeah.
What will this do?
Being someone from the neighborhood can be
someone from the outside.
And now I also get profit
from what I am benefiting from.
I don't take my money and give it
to the bank and know what it is
doing.
I use it to improve my
environment.
Yes, yes yes yes
By the way, and the better my environment,
the more will be worth my investment.
You will organize a crowdfunding
campaign to promote the wealth
of the people.
and potentially.
With business within...
Making business, making stories.
And, to see, our idea is not just this
is a site that you close it, it
is totally permeable.
Many of the things we do...
Why can't they be applied
elsewhere?
In neighborhoods that are not ours, right?
So, I think that in the end the potential
of inspiration is one, just like
being a referent.
But also, you hear, if these
services we develop are economically
viable at our scale, probably
the more it scales,
the better.
Yes indeed.
And when, for example, you ask for one
of mobility, you're thinking of mobility
at the metropolitan level, you're not
moving from here to the supermarket.
So I think those things can be
interesting, you hear, we are validating
things that can then
be scaled to another dimension.
And that has contributed to a greater
impact, right?
and Genius.
I think we are already getting
the idea.
We are making the idea of...
The spectacular value proposal.
And now, to finish, what I want
is that you transmit us because
that also helps what is what
happens, what are the consequences
of this.
That is, you haven't said it before,
but what are the results when
you are able to create a blue
ocean, as we call it, which
is absolutely differential.
What are the consequences?
The consequences as...
I mean the results, right?
But in the end you...
The demand...
Of course, yes, yes, at the end you would
say, look, within my indicators we
would have, if we think of sustainability,
we think of economic, social
and environmental sustainability,
in that you start to define
all your indicators associated
with it and how we will measure
the impact.
The financial network?
So, you know, what cash flow
do I generate?
well is.
No is?
by ROE?
I'm talking about measuring it.
Of course, obviously you will
use the metrics that are totally
differential, you will also use
metrics different from the sector,
but from the normal parameters
of how any promoter would
measure it, that is...
Yes, but in the end it is this, you
would measure, as a promoter you would
say, no, so how much, no, how much margin
I have taken from this promotion.
Then in the end this would
be introduced into, hear,
no, economically, as my margins are
different.
That is, well, let's complete
it, how many houses do you have,
you said before, how many houses
have you sold?
That could be an indicator.
That is, it is the main indicator that
is common in the standard sector.
Yes, but we will sell.
Let's say, traditionally it would
be how many I have sold and with
margin taken, that would be the traditional,
but we don't think in terms
of...
Yes, yes, but what I want to
illustrate is what happens at the
level of results when you are able
to create a blue ocean.
Of course, you end up creating more
financial, social value, well, let's
say, according to the concerns
for us, it is important also
the creation of social and environmental
value.
of course.
Similarly, in another sector, another
that is a blue ocean, will have
its own motivations for us.
We want to show that, hear, look, it's
not that we end up making more money
in a certain way, right?
And then we will see what we do
with that money, that you
can reinvest it to the
community, etc.
But let's say that as a company
you could end up generating more
financial returns, but it is that
you will also create social
cohesion, collective income
in rivers, you will create better
health, you will reduce
your carbon footprint, etc.
Then all that is a range and you can
already start thinking about biodiversity
at the environmental level,
inclusive, accessibility too.
So this is a whole range of indicators
in a certain way, but that's
much wider than just what
would be in this sector you're
looking at, right?
Yes yes.
So almost, almost our conviction
is that in enduring sustainable
models like these, in the end, it's
that you do everything goes faster,
better, and everyone sticks
to more.
In all dimensions, the inhabitants,
the municipalities, the
planet, etc. etc.
And almost, it's hardly that you sacrifice
financial returns for others, right?
You're going to do your best, right?
And that is what we are convinced,
and we would like this to be
an example of how to do it well.
In a sector, in addition, that is a sector
that we come from a very perverse world,
isn't it?
If we ask people who is the
culprit of the crisis,
right?
The promoters, the promoters,
etc.
When you really think, right?
How does it affect us where we live
and the environment we live in our lives,
right?
Well, I end up congratulating
you, I think it's spectacular
what you're doing.
I have not lost anything in Valencia,
but I think I will live there.
And here is Charly with me too.
and beast!
Nothing, thank you very much.
to you.